#summary MarketPlace questions

= All your questions answered here =

*Beta ver does not work!  NOT even listed on web where updates are.  Instructions do not match what options are.  Very frustrating and disappointing!*

How does it not work?  Please be more specific as to your problems and expectations.   (File a bug or contact us by email at geobeagleteam@gmail.com). The project page now indicates the location for updates (They are on http://code.google.com/p/geobeagle/downloads/list.)

*It says "server unavailable" nearly everywhere I go.*

Might be an internet connectivity problem.  Click Menu/Go to URL.  Try opening that page in a browser and see what happens.

*Position is twice as far as it shud be.*

There was a bug in version 0.12 with locations near 0 latitude/longitude.  If that's the case, please download the latest version and let us know if that helps.  If not, please give more specific instructions for how to reproduce the problem.

*Highly inaccurate.  Missing many caches.  Site data should be integrated directly into app.*

Please download the tricorder app and check to see if !GeoBeagle is reporting different coordinates.  For the missing caches--please click Menu/Go to URL from the "nearest cache" web page and email us the resulting url.  We are working on pocket query support, which will provide tighter integration.

*This just doesn't work in uk.  It thinks I'm 66 miles from where I am.  Crap!*

Could be the previously mentioned bug.  There was bug with locations near 0 latitude/longitude.  Please try the latest version and let us know if it fixes the problem.

*Nice concept but needs work with integrating geocaching.com site.  Having to enter coords by hand is a pain.*

See the topic "How do I load coordinates into !GeoBeagle?" in the FAQ.

*First haa*

How nice for you!