#summary Release Notes for GeoBeagle versions

= v0.6.13 5/18/09 =
 * Improved error message during gpx load.
 * Skip loading files within .ZIPs if they don't have the correct extension (fixes hang bug if there are random zip files hanging around).
 * Add indicators for bearing of caches.
 * Add bearing indicator for the phone.
 * Shrank font on cache list page.

= v0.6.10 5/16/09 =
 * Support for logging caches using SMS Field Notes

= v0.6.8 = 
  * Georg Lukas' patches to support opencaching sites (thanks Georg!).
  * adds a show all vs show nearest caches menu.  
  * updating of cache distances on the fly (also, much faster sorting / filtering)
  * automatically sort on the fly (the sort button has been removed)
  * a bunch of fixes for force close issues related to the gps being disabled
  * support zip file mime type so geocaching zip files can be downloaded from the browser

= v0.60 =
Puts the gps status widget into the cache list page too.

= v0.50 =
Added support for intermediate waypoint files, and loc files.  Like GPX files, LOC is a "sync", not an "import" operation--deleting the LOC file will remove the cache from Geobeagle.

Added a "refresh" button to cache list page, which will update the distances and re-sort.  This is a stop-gap until we get a nicer UI in place here.

= v0.48 =
Move My Location down to menu, where it should be less confusing.  Fix non-US locale bug.

= v0.47 = 
Fixes bug where no caches were getting deleted if sync directory is empty.
Changed cache list title bar to be clearer.

= v0.45 =
Supports uploading from gpx files.  Sync directory changed to /sdcard/download, to match browser download dir.