#summary How to set up the project in Eclipse

First, you need to check out the sources with one of the following.<br>
Version 1.0:<br>
`svn checkout https://geobeagle.googlecode.com/svn/trunk`<br>
Version 1.5:<br>
`svn checkout https://geobeagle.googlecode.com/svn/branches/andpet`

=Setting up !GeoBeagle=

  # Eclipse / New Android Project / Create Project From Existing Source / select the directory named "!GeoBeagle"
  # Override the following settings: Use !GeoBeagle as the Application Name and the Project Name.  Choose Google APIs as the Build Target.
  # Right click on "!GeoBeagle" in your Package Explorer window, select "Properties / Java Build Path / Source", and make sure the following *three* folders are in your source: "!GeoBeagle/di", "!GeoBeagle/gen", "!GeoBeagle/src" (otherwise, you'll get "source not found errors").
  # Eclipse / Preferences / Set Android SDK Location
  # Set java1.6 (otherwise, you'll get "The method restore() of type !ActivityRestorer.!CacheListRestorer must override a superclass method" error).
  # To make Google Maps work in !GeoBeagle, you need to generate your own "android:apiKey" signature to enter into res/layout/map.xml. Follow the instructions on: http://code.google.com/intl/sv-SE/android/add-ons/google-apis/mapkey.html#getdebugfingerprint Ask on the mailing list if you face any problems.

=Setting up the tests=

To run the tests, don't use the SDK android-sdk-windows-1.5_r2. Versions `r1` and `r3` are ok but `r2` contains a bug that prevents `com.google.map.MapPoint` from being found.

  # Eclipse / New *Java* Project / Create Project From Existing Source / select the directory named "!GeoBeagleTest"
  # Properties / java build path / Projects / add / select !GeoBeagle project 
  # Download powermock with dependencies: http://code.google.com/p/powermock/downloads/list, select powermock-1.2.5-with-dependencies.zip.
  # Add the following using Properties / Java build path / Libraries / add external jars... :
    # All powermock jars
    # android.jar (android-sdk-XXX/platforms/android-X.X/android.jar)
    # The Google Maps lib (android-sdk-XXX/add-ons/google_apis-3/libs/maps.jar)
  # Run / Run Configurations / Junit test / Arguments/ VM Arguments: `-Xms256m -Xmx1024m -XX:!MaxPermSize=256m`
  # See the following blog posting for more information on automated testing and !GeoBeagle: http://googletesting.blogspot.com/2009/07/old-habits-die-hard.html
See this blog for a few more tips: http://ntoll.org/article/hello-android